Add Variable values to ScopeVariablesResponder (#1472)
unclebob/fitnesse: FitNesseRoot/FitNesse/UserGuide/WritingAcceptanceTests/VariableScope/content.txt

 * If X is defined on this page then it is definately in scope.
 * If X is not defined on this page but is defined in the page .FitNesse (this page's parent), then X is still in scope.
 * If X is defined on .FitNesse.UserGuide.FitNesseWiki then X is not in scope because .FitNesse.UserGuide.FitNesseWiki is not a parent of this page.

> All variables that have been declared using !define can be checked by adding ?variables at the end. For example .FitNesse.UserGuide.FitNesseWiki?variables will show a table with the names, their values and their location on the pages path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All variables that have been declared using !style_code(!define) can be checked by adding !style_code(?variables) at the end of the page's url.
For example !style_code(!-http://myFitNesseHost/FitNesse.UserGuide.FitNesseWiki?variables-!) will show a table with the names, their values and the pages the values are defined.
```
